at that time Marauder ballad am the son
at that time Marauder ballad am the son of ballad on king of babylon sent
of ballad on king of babylon sent
of ballad on king of babylon sent letters and a present to Hezekiah for he
letters and a present to Hezekiah for he
letters and a present to Hezekiah for he heard that he had been sick and had
heard that he had been sick and had
heard that he had been sick and had recovered and Hezekiah was pleased with
recovered and Hezekiah was pleased with
recovered and Hezekiah was pleased with them and showed them the house of his
them and showed them the house of his
them and showed them the house of his treasures the silver and gold the spices
treasures the silver and gold the spices
treasures the silver and gold the spices and precious ointment and all his armory
and precious ointment and all his armory
and precious ointment and all his armory all that was found among his treasures
all that was found among his treasures
all that was found among his treasures there was nothing in his house or in all
there was nothing in his house or in all
there was nothing in his house or in all his Dominion that Hezekiah did not show
his Dominion that Hezekiah did not show
his Dominion that Hezekiah did not show them then Isaiah the prophet went to
them then Isaiah the prophet went to
them then Isaiah the prophet went to King Hezekiah and said to him what did
King Hezekiah and said to him what did
King Hezekiah and said to him what did these men say and from where did they
these men say and from where did they
these men say and from where did they come to you they came to me from a far
come to you they came to me from a far
come to you they came to me from a far country from Babylon
country from Babylon
country from Babylon what have they seen in your house they
what have they seen in your house they
what have they seen in your house they have seen all that is in my house there
have seen all that is in my house there
have seen all that is in my house there is nothing among my treasures that I
is nothing among my treasures that I
is nothing among my treasures that I have not shown them hear the word of the
have not shown them hear the word of the
have not shown them hear the word of the Lord of Hosts behold the days are coming
Lord of Hosts behold the days are coming
Lord of Hosts behold the days are coming when all that is in your house and what
when all that is in your house and what
when all that is in your house and what your fathers have accumulated until this
your fathers have accumulated until this
your fathers have accumulated until this day shall be carried to Babylon nothing
day shall be carried to Babylon nothing
day shall be carried to Babylon nothing shall be left says the Lord and they
shall be left says the Lord and they
shall be left says the Lord and they shall take away some of your sons who
shall take away some of your sons who
shall take away some of your sons who will descend from you whom you will
will descend from you whom you will
will descend from you whom you will beget and they shall be eunuchs in the
beget and they shall be eunuchs in the
beget and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon the word
palace of the king of Babylon the word
palace of the king of Babylon the word of the Lord which you have spoken is
of the Lord which you have spoken is
of the Lord which you have spoken is good
good
good at least there will be peace and truth
at least there will be peace and truth
at least there will be peace and truth in my days
in my days
in my days [Music]